Adding a product in Storefront through Backoffice

Procedure to Create A product
1. Search for Products under Catalog Section
2. Click on "plus symbol(+)" and a pop up will appear
3. Enter the details like essential details, description, categorization and media
4. Madatory  details like -> Approval = approve (otherwise the details will not be visible in online version)
                          -> Catalog version = "Site Type" Product Staged Catalogue
5. In Properties Section -> Add details of the product like article number, validity period, description, summary and sales unit
                        -> This will help to provide information about the product 
6. Remberer to save the details by clicking on save button
7. Category System -> Add supercategories like for elecronics: webcam, heldcam, brand type
                  -> Each brand and category has unique indentified number
                  -> This will help to search the product using mega navigation
8. To add prices, click on create new price row -> add the details like: prices, currency, unit
                  -> This will help to add prices to your product 
9. To make the prices visible add the stocks as well. without stocks prices are visible
10. To add stock for thr product -> Click on find Stock Levels for product 
                          -> Add the details like productCode(Article Number), warehouse and Available Amount(Number of elements present in stock)
Remberer to save the details by clicking on save button
11. To add images -> Click on multimedia 
                  -> Clcik on galary images and then create media container
                  -> Fill the details like catalog version, name, qualifier(article number)
                  -> Click on Finish
                  -> Add image and thumbnail with following details: media format(image: 300W X 300H and thumbnail: 30W X 30H)
                                                                    : media container and folder as well as upload the image
                                                                    : Click on save after Adding the details
12. To add the variants: Select the desire Variant type
                        : Click on save button
                        : click on Create varient name(ELectronics Color Variant)
                        : Enter the details like essential details, description, categorization and media
                        : Click on Finish
                        : Click on Save button and wait for few minutes
                        : Click on the varients box and add the specific difference(color, type)
Now Synchronic the details from staged(version which is enable to edit) to online(version visible to the user)
Add the stocks, images, details, prices in there own staged blocks and then synchronice them.
